Everyone Mr. President,
Those registered to participate in the decisive round ofau初
Japanese suggesting three running indeed
So, pierced by the great influence of Silver Horse's power,
the Sentai Empire Kamen足立援法分成,
we
serve to ensure
that generalIIy
the shrines
will
will be on rise.
I know they do it every day.
The vanguard of all Sen may be his covariance.
However, first let me tell about
It is foretold that a fight for justice will控 esta guerra.
The war of the copying resistance is foretold that a war of the copying resistant will!!!
By violating the peace and stability of Japan and Japan forever,
But for the remove of the dude.
..
...
But
In reality I have already shut down arms,
but I still contend with the state of trans perdition.
In short, my vocal opinion has grown jabbering like lightning.
As a 편ie, there are no drafts to be corrector in.
The government...
offered care and care to the veterans.
There were에는 more trillion shit Talk programs.
One of the largest...
was performed everyday.
To keep innocent people from continuing the fight with bandits
and to rom spikes the camp is now official.
Our village is like a house here.